README.md, before:

Product name: FilterIt 
Author: M. Mrohs (mmrohs at protonmail.com)
Version: 1.0.4 (17.01.2024)
Licence: Mozilla Public License Version 2.0
GitHub: https://github.com/mmrohs/FilterIt


FilterIt is a tiny add-on for the web browser Mozilla Firefox (Version 103 and later)
It might also work on other browsers, but I haven't testet it yet.

FilterIt makes it possible to filter uninteresting topics and people from websites.
You simply have to add terms via context menu to an internal filter list and next time the browser loads a webpage it replaces all sentences containing one of those terms with a specific filter string.

Important:
If you know some JavaScript: Feel free helping me with the development of FilterIt!


Ideas for the future
- view of all the elements inside the filter list in a fancy window
- import/export of filter lists
- smarter filter algorithm (the current one is quite primitive)
- new icon
- configurable replacement string (default: '+++ filtered +++') 
- configurable exceptions for websites


Version History

1.0.3
- filter list can be cleared via the context menu
- lots of bugfixes and optimizations

1.0.1
- it works more or less

1.0.0
- Nothing works yet, but at least I made a GitHub account

Commit message:

Improved filtering algorithm and other small improvements

README.md, after:

Product name: FilterIt 
Author: M. Mrohs (mmrohs at protonmail.com)
Version: 1.0.5 (22.01.2024)
Licence: Mozilla Public License Version 2.0
GitHub: https://github.com/mmrohs/FilterIt


FilterIt is a tiny add-on for the web browser Mozilla Firefox (Version 103 and later)
It might also work on other browsers, but I haven't testet it yet.

FilterIt makes it possible to filter uninteresting topics and people from websites.
You simply have to add terms via context menu to an internal filter list and next time the browser loads a webpage it replaces all sentences containing one of those terms with a specific filter string.

Important:
If you know some JavaScript: 
Feel free helping me with the development of FilterIt!


Some ideas for the future
- view of all the elements inside the filter list in a fancy new window
- smarter filter algorithm (the current one is quite primitive)
- new icon
- configurable exceptions for websites
- browser icon that shows how many elements have been filtered
- import/export of filter lists
- configurable replacement string (default: '+++ filtered +++') 


Version History

1.0.5.
- the filter algorithm finally works like intended

1.0.3
- filter list can be cleared via the context menu
- lots of bugfixes and optimizations

1.0.1
- it works more or less

1.0.0
- Nothing works yet, but at least I made a GitHub account
